Add deprecation notice to readme (#288)
grafana/piechart-panel: README.md

[![David Dependancy Status](https://david-dm.org/grafana/piechart-panel.svg)](https://david-dm.org/grafana/piechart-panel)
[![David Dev Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/grafana/piechart-panel/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/grafana/piechart-panel/?type=dev)

# **Notice:** This plugin is deprecated

> As of [Grafana 8.0](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/whatsnew/whats-new-in-v8-0/#whats-new-in-grafana-v80) Pie chart panel is inluded with Grafana. Please refer to the [Pie chart panel](<(https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/visualizations/pie-chart-panel/)>) documentaiton for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of [Grafana 8.0](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/whatsnew/whats-new-in-v8-0/#whats-new-in-grafana-v80) Pie chart panel is included with Grafana. Please refer to the [Pie chart panel](<(https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/visualizations/pie-chart-panel/)>) documentation for more information.
```
